Add instructions for adding DDF feedback (#28)
redhat-documentation/mw-shared-modules: modules/proc-providing-feedback-on-redhat-documentation.adoc

[preface]
[id="proc-providing-feedback-on-redhat-documentation_{context}"]
= Providing feedback on Red Hat documentation

We value and appreciate your feedback to improve our documentation.
You can provide feedback directly by highlighting text in this document and adding comments.

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in to the Red Hat Customer Portal.
* In the Red Hat Customer Portal, view the document in *Multi-page HTML* format.

.Procedure

. Click the *Feedback* button at the top-right of the document.
. Highlight the section of text where you want to provide feedback.
. Click the *Add Feedback* dialog next to your highlighted text.
. Enter your feedback in the text box on the right of the page and then click *Submit*.
+

> When you submit your feedback, it creates a new documentation issue so you can track progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We automatically create a documentation issue each time you submit feedback. 
Open the tracking link that displays after you click *Submit* and start watching the issue or add more comments.

And thanks! We value your comments and insights to improve our docs.
```

[preface]
[id="proc-providing-feedback-on-redhat-documentation_{context}"]
= Providing feedback on Red Hat documentation

We value and appreciate your feedback to improve our documentation.
You can provide feedback directly by highlighting text in this document and adding comments.

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in to the Red Hat Customer Portal.
* In the Red Hat Customer Portal, view the document in *Multi-page HTML* format.

.Procedure

. Click the *Feedback* button at the top-right of the document.

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

. Highlight the section of text where you want to provide feedback.

. Click the *Add Feedback* dialog next to your highlighted text.

> 

Reviewer: I'd prefer to keep lines together. Can we remove the extra lines between steps?

> [preface]

Reviewer: @ncbaratta What is the `[preface]` tag?

Author: Preface adds a chapter without a number: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openjdk/11/html/configuring_openjdk_11_on_rhel_with_fips/index It might not work in PV2 though, so we might need to remove.

Reviewer: Gotcha. I think we should remove the `[preface]` tag. I mentioned in a separate comment to Stefan that the RHEL team include these modules in the master.adoc files directly, in which case the preface thing makes sense. 

I can experiment with Pv2 but my 2c here is to remove the preface tag and recommend that runtimes teams include the module in an assembly rather than hooking them into master.adoc. 

We can always add the preface back if needed. In fact, the way to go might be to simply comment it out `//[preface]` and if anyone wants to use that I can add it back as part of the sync job for the particular product.

> [id="proc-providing-feedback-on-redhat-documentation"]

Reviewer: Missing `_{context}`? I guess this module won't get reused though.

Reviewer 2: I think this module is indeed intended to be used only once in each title. The possibility of anchor ID conflicts due to reuse within a title is therefore small. OTOH, I don't think adding `_{context}` to the anchor ID would do any harm:)

> [id="proc-providing-feedback-on-redhat-documentation"]

Author: ```suggestion
[id="proc-providing-feedback-on-redhat-documentation_{context}"]
```

= Providing feedback on Red Hat documentation

> We appreciate your feedback on our documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We value and appreciate your feedback to improve our documentation.
```

> To provide feedback, you can highlight the text in a document and add comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide feedback directly by highlighting text in this document and adding comments.
```

> This section explains how to submit feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: This is superfluous text.

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer: IMO this shouldn't really be a procedural topic with distinct `.Prerequisites` and `.Procedure` sections. I guess we can go with it but it seems kind of weird. I feel like this should be a lot lighter and more conversational. I mean, we are documenting a UI here, something that users can discover themselves. I just think it's a little carried away to make it more of a formal procedure.

Author: I'm okay with it not being a procedure, but I didn't want a paragraph explaining how to leave feedback, so the numbered list made sense.  I'm open to suggestions.

PS. This was copied from RHEL and edited to meet Runtimes' needs.

Reviewer: Right. I think we should have an ordered list for the procedure too (not a paragraph). I just don't think this topic really needs to follow the modular template, which seems a little overkill.

> * You are logged in to the Red Hat Customer Portal.
> * In the Red Hat Customer Portal, view the document in *Multi-page HTML* format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log in to the Red Hat Customer Portal.
* Select the *Multi-page HTML* format.
```

Reviewer: The first bullet and second bullet use different styles. Prereqs should always be imperative voice for parallel structure. I'm willing to die on this hill. 

Again I feel like this is a little unnecessary and could be condensed into a first step in the procedure. Something like: 

"Make sure you are logged in to the Red Hat Customer Portal and viewing the document in *Multi-page HTML* format.

Author: I like this but not the 'for the documentation' you're in the documentation so do we really need to say that?

> * You are logged in to the Red Hat Customer Portal.
> * In the Red Hat Customer Portal, view the document in *Multi-page HTML* format.

Reviewer 2: Good point, @oraNod 

You can also go the other way:

```suggestion
* You are logged in to the Red Hat Customer Portal.
* You are viewing the document in *Multi-page HTML* format.
```

Reviewer: @inoxx03 "You are viewing" doesn't sound right to me. Imperative voice for prereqs imho.

Reviewer 2: @oraNod I see your point. Imperatives for prereq's work well, too, I think, as long as we use them consistently.

Reviewer: Cool. I mean different styles are fine and all but that "You have/are x" phrasing is too verbose for my liking. In general it feels harder to parse for readers and awkward for writers. 

No offense to anyone's work but that phrasing has come out of nowhere in a lot of RH docs lately and I simply don't agree that we should use it. Imperative structure is concise, authoritative, and lends well to parallel construction. Those are cornerstones of quality technical content.

.Procedure

> To provide your feedback, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Superfluous sentence. Either use `.Procedure` to signal the start of a task or an introductory sentence, not both.

Now that I'm thinking about it, I would prefer to get rid of the `.Prerequisites` and `.Procedure` titles and just keep this sentence rephrased as:

"To provide us with your feedback, do the following:"

> . Click the *Feedback* button in the top-right corner of the document to see existing feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Feedback* button at the top-right of the document.
```

+

> NOTE: The feedback feature is enabled only in the *Multi-page HTML* format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Do we need this if we have the prereq?

> . Highlight the section of the document where you want to provide feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Highlight the section of text where you want to provide feedback.
```

> . Click the *Add Feedback* pop-up that appears near the highlighted text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Add Feedback* dialog next to your highlighted text.
```

> +
> A text box appears in the feedback section on the right side of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> . Enter your feedback in the text box and click *Submit*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter your feedback in the text box on the right of the page and then click *Submit*.
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> A documentation issue is created.
> 
> . To view the issue, click the issue tracker link in the feedback view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you submit your feedback, it creates a new documentation issue so you can track progress.
```

> ////
> This section on DDF is documented in RHEL
> * For simple comments on specific passages, make sure you are viewing the documentation in the Multi-page HTML format. Highlight the part of text that you want to comment on. Then, click the *Add Feedback* pop-up that appears below the highlighted text, and follow the displayed instructions.
> 
> * For submitting more complex feedback, create a Bugzilla ticket:
> +
> . Go to the link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/enter_bug.cgi?product=Red%20Hat%20Enterprise%20Linux%208[Bugzilla] website.
> . As the Component, use *Documentation*.
> . Fill in the *Description* field with your suggestion for improvement. Include a link to the relevant part(s) of documentation.
> . Click *Submit Bug*.
> ////
> // For expeditious exasperation relief if the documentation is lacking beyond all repair, Red Hat recommends repeatedly bashing your screen with your keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: I don't know what this is but it doesn't look relevant.

Reviewer 2: @oraNod I agree that it does not seem relevant to Runtimes content.
IMHO, the only reason for keeping this comment in here is would be that we want to use the same module in RHEL docs (or titles that reuse content from the RHEL docs set). However, since the RHEL-related section seems to be commented out, this option doe not seem likely.

Lat sentence is definitely a joke. (I think that I know the author of it, too:))
